Storj Labs Inc. Warrant Canary

Existing and proposed laws, especially as relate to the US Patriot Act, etc., provide for secret warrants,
searches and seizures of data, such as library records.

Some such laws provide for criminal penalties for revealing the warrant, search or seizure, disallowing the
disclosure of events that would materially affect the users of a service such as Storj Labs Inc.

Storj Labs Inc. and its principals and employees will in fact comply with such warrants and their provisions
for secrecy.

Storj Labs Inc. will also make available, monthly, a "warrant canary" in the form of a cryptographically signed
message containing the following:

- a declaration that, up to that point, no warrants have been served, nor have any searches or seizures
  taken place

- a cut and paste headline from a major news source, establishing date

Special note should be taken if these messages ever cease being updated, or are removed from this page.

The current message is here:

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512

As of 1/2/2016, Storj Labs Inc. has never received a National Security Letter, an order under the Foreign Intelligence
 Surveillance Act, or any other classified request for user information. If we ever receive such a request, we would
 seek to let the public know it existed.

- - GOP Congress maps plans for sweeping conservative agenda
- - Trump’s doubts about cybersecurity alarm experts
- - At least 60 inmates killed in prison riot in northern Brazil
- - Trump’s chief of staff faces daunting task of bringing order to White House
- - lslamic State says it carried out deadly New Year’s Eve attack at nightclub in Istanbul

Note that the signing key has been changed. You may visit https://keybase.io/super3
 for proof that the key is valid. We plan to add other parties to the canary in the future
 for better authenticity. 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: Keybase OpenPGP v2.0.61
Comment: https://keybase.io/crypto

wsBcBAABCgAGBQJYan1KAAoJEPQrujgXjffwdGQIAIRV1/HASTunXPehrRQidcg0
WY/2GVzLcyO+QElwq6v/gSzXZUZBr0rxmyyQiPNo7KSXxfEuiqmesRJGA1G9XdAd
AwHLA4HtDECF3QmqTVTq51Vcc++ycFUlBJ1uWPw2B7H02SC0rYmyJjqvPu41GFeu
TsSYDOdGTdLRNKnV6N573+Kqi14eS7RX586bdnvxPP/2aPFpU/pk6rPZqaE+CTLf
GOQ1KBtEgdAYcK7l0QnY2MGns8baj+0dT/2HR8CY8zvM9vP6LJ2tmyGFk7Y67cPU
FO4I6n0FnBrXFCMj7ek4Q/ou0AwW1t5JapbrX9Y/x/etKG+UrWPKbr3ojjN+ngY=
=A1Qu
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----

This scheme is not infallible.  Although signing the declaration makes it impossible for a third party to produce
arbitrary declarations, it does not prevent them from using force to coerce Storj Labs Inc. to produce false
declarations. The news clip in the signed message serves to demonstrate that that update could not have been
created prior to that date.  It shows that a series of these updates were not created in advance and posted
on this page.
